Next: Custom and overwritable CT GraphQL queries/variables (#4808)
DivanteLtd/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/commercetools/composables.md

const attributes = computed(() => productGetters.getAttributes(product.value[0]))
```
:::

::: slot example-product-search-custom-query
```js
import { useProduct } from '@vue-storefront/commercetools'

const { search } = useProduct()

search({ id: '12345' }, (query, variables) => ({ query, variables }))
```
:::

::: slot example-product-search-custom-query-with-values
```js

> search({ id: '12345' }, (query = `customQuery`, variables: { ...customVariables }) => ({ query, variables }))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const customQuery = (query, variables) => {
  // import a custom Graphql QUERY
  const newQuery = require('./queries/customQuery.gql')
  // override "locale' variable and leave other ones untouched
  const newVariables = {  ..variabes, locale: 'en' }
  
  return {
    query: newQuery,
    variables: newVariables
  }
}
search({ id: '12345' }, customQuery)
```

Author: Done.
